{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18600\viewh12960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- What is the technical novelty of the proposed work? For instance, given there are multiple sources of electricity, is it feasible to determine a cost minimization function based on the prediction? Such extensions will be interesting than mere predictions. \cb1 \
\cb3 \
* Talk about differences between agent-based models and cost optimisation models\
* Talk about novelty of work (novel agent-based model, long-term impact of prediction errors not fully studied).\
\
- In terms of online learning, it is not clear how it is differently implemented compared to its offline counterpart. \
\
* Talk about difference in implementation of these two different methods.\cb1 \
\cb3 \
- How different or same are the models for predicting different electric source trends? (PV, Coal, ...) \cb1 \
\cb3 \
* Cite earlier paper on accuracy of predicting the different electric source trends (MASE for PV, Coal etc)\
\
- Sensitivity analysis for the considered algorithms will also be an interesting exploration for this work. \cb1 \
\
* Add sensitivity analysis of different sized errors on scenario modelling the future. \
\
- Besides the accuracy, what other performance metrics are important when evaluating online algorithms? Also - what if real-time response is required, would that be something that takes place at the cloud? \
\
* Add MAPE, MAE, MASE etc (rerun all models).\
* Talk about how speed of algorithm effects the application in real life. Could the cloud be used for online learning?\
\
- What is the state of the art used in energy forecasting models?\
\
* Talk about optimisation versus agent-based models\
\
- I am not sure however how long-term investment decisions are made when it comes to these algorithm's accuracy. I think the authors may analyze a bit more here.\
\
* Add details on long-term investment algorithm.\
}